"So...you have defeated me. But you still have not won."
"What?"
"This dimension should have been destroyed years ago. It is only held together by my force of will. Kill me, and the dimension will collapse, obliterating everything in it. You will kill me, but at the cost of your own lives."
"We can escape."
"I think not. Every member of your party with such a capability has been incapacitated. There is no escape."
"..."
"Will you kill me, eliminating me the worlds, but destroying yourself in the process? Or save yourself, letting me escape? I would think about it before making your decision. Bowser and his gang aren't the only villains in the Mushroom World. There are others, who will have no trouble taking over once you're gone."
"..."
"No. There is one more option."
"Shadoo...you survived...but how? You were defeated."
"So were you, and you're still alive. Yet not for long."
"What are you talking about?"
"After I was defeated, I remembered something. A past life I had forgotten. My life before the Pixl Queen."
"No...you can't have...your memories...were removed..."
"I remembered everything...how wonderful life was...my illness...and then you murdering me. Just to turn me into one of your weapons. How could you be so cruel? What about mom, and Ganter? Did they die at your hands as well?"
"Your mother, yes. Ganter turned out to be far more useful. He served under me, becoming king of the Tribe of Darkness...at least until he was killed by that fine specimen down there."
"King of the Tribe of Darkness...so he was the one..."
"Yes, Ganter was the one who defeated you and sealed you in the pit, until you were needed again. Oh, he had no idea he was battling his own sister of course."
"What is going on here?"
"Shadoo was once my daughter, Merlia, before I transformed her into the Pixl Queen."
"You killed her."
"I gave her new life, a chance to become part of something far greater. Far more than she would have accomplished as simple human."
"To think I once thought of you as my father..."
"Ah, being disowned by my own daughter. Sadly, I could not care less what you thought of me."
"You were better than this once. I remember when you actually loved us. But then something changed, and you only cared about how we could be useful to you. I become your slave and then a prisoner, while Ganter became your servant."
"There would be no reason to care about you if you were useless. That's why your mother died."
"But now I can finally avenge her. And Ganter. And every other person you've killed for your plans to succeed. Now they've finally unraveled, and I will finish the job."
"I don't think you can actually do it."
"For a while, I didn't either. But now I know that I have no choice. Heroes, this is your chance to escape. I can use my power to bring you back to Flipside, and then finish off Dimentio here."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes. You've done well, all of you. Dimentio's plans have failed thanks to you, and you deserve to live."
"What about you?"
"I have nothing else to live for. My family is either dead or ought to be. It was meant to end this way."
"But..."
"There's no time to dispute this, Mario. I won't let you kill yourself when if any one of us deserves to die, it's me. Now go."
"So...here we are...father and daughter alone...at last..."
"Don't try to get nostalgic, Dimentio. Whatever nostalgia I had was replaced by hate. You may have been good once, in fact, I know you were good once, but you never will be again."
"Please...I can change..."
"I don't believe you. You had 4000 years to change. Now it's time to die."
"No..."
"Goodbye, Dimentio. May you one day redeem yourself in the Underwhere."