Kamek: And that is why we came here. To awaken the man sealed inside this book.
Mario: Who?
Kamek: *laughs* Oh, you know him well, Mario. After all, it was you who defeated him.
*Sudden realization dawns on Mario, Luigi, Peach and Bowser*
Peach: You can't be...
Kamek: It's too late, Princess. Soon he'll be released, and then you'll have no chance of stopping us.
Mario: Did he promise you power? He's lying to you. He'll get rid of you once his plans are finished.
Wart: Pah! What do you know?
Peach: We know him.
Yoshi: What are you guys talking about? Who is this man?
Kamek: Silence, all of you! There are only seven of you that we need for this. The rest of you will back away.
Bowser: Hey, I don't take orders from anyone, especially not you, you old fool!
Kamek: You don't control me any more, your Grouchiness. I'm the one giving the orders now.
Bowser: Raargh! I'll tear that smug grin right off your stupid face!
*Bowser charges towards Kamek in a rage. Kamek shoots a blast of magic from his wand, effortlessly disabling Bowser*
Bowser: Urgh, how did I lose to you?
Kamek: Let that be a lesson to you, heroes. Your attempts at resistance will not be tolerated.
Luigi: What do you mean, "there are seven of us that you want"?
Kamek: The seven Star Children. Mario, Luigi, Yoshi, Peach, Donkey Kong, Wario. And Bowser.
Donkey Kong: What do you need us for?
Kamek: You'll see in a second. Now I said, the rest of you, back up.
*Toad, Daisy, and Rosalina do as they're told*
Kamek: Wart, do you have them ready?
Wart: Indeed I do. I sent Sly Guy to bring them before we came here.
Kamek: Good. Now I want the seven of you to arrange yourselves in a circle.
Wario: Can I be in the center of the circle?
*Kamek shoots a blast right at Wario, who jumps up in fright*
Kamek: That was a warning shot. Next time, you may not be so lucky.
*All of the heroes reluctantly do what Kamek says, arranging themselves in a circle*
Wart: Should I bring them out?
Kamek: Yes, it's time.
*Wart releases the seven Grand Stars, all of the heroes jump in surprise, especially Rosalina*
Rosalina: The Grand Stars...they were in the Observatory...
Sly Guy: Your ship sunk to the bottom of the ocean, and Kamek was able to retrieve them.
Rosalina: What are you planning to do with the Grand Stars and the Star Children?
Kamek: I suppose I'll tell you, since there's no chance of stopping it either way. You of all people should know who the Star Children are.
Rosalina: Seven people from the Mushroom World, gifted with the power of the stars.
Kamek: Quite right. But I doubt you know that there is a connection between the Star Children and the Grand Stars you guarded for so long. That connection
       generates an immense amount of power, enough to release what we're after.
Rosalina: The Origin Star. It's inside this castle.
Kamek: Right again. And it's time for us to summon it.
*Kamek begins chanting a spell*
Kamek: Out of the darkness, came a light
       Created out of Shy Guy's might
       Ancient power contained within
       I order your return begin!
*The Grand Stars and Star Children start to glow with light, as a bright light appears in the middle of the room. It starts to take shape, appearing close
 to a large Grand Star. The grand begins to shake, and the tremors throw the heroes back. Kamek begins to laugh uncontrollably.*
Kamek: Hahaha! The Origin Star is now ours!
Wart: Is it time? Time to release him?
Kamek: Oh, yes.
*Kamek takes the Dark Prognosticus and sets it down underneath the Origin Star. He uses his wand to open it up to the middle.*
Mario: Kamek, please! Don't do this!
Kamek: It's over! The seal on the book has been broken! He's already returning!
*Dark energy is starting to flow from the book into the air, creating a huge, purple-ish cloud. Chilling, sadistic laughter can be heard in the background.
 It's a sound that Mario, Luigi, Peach, and Bowser know too well.*
Bowser: Oh no. He's not summoning that clown, is he?
Peach: That laughter. It can't be anyone else.
*The clouds of dark energy start to take shape, forming into the basic outline of a person. The head morphs into a pointy hat, and the lower body begins to
 develop into curled shoes and a poncho. An outstretched, blue-looking hand sticks out and snaps its fingers. The shining light is whisked away, revealing
 the most deadly adversary that the heroes have every faced: Dimentio*

<...>
Dimentio: Ah ha ha ha! And then there's this. A new toy to play with!
Rosalina: That power is not yours to have.
Dimentio: It's already mine, Princess Rosalina. This will certainly come in handy when I'm conquering the worlds.
Luigi: Conquering the worlds?
Dimentio: Oh, of course! That plan with Bleck was simply one path to my ultimate goal! To cleanse the worlds of imperfection and create a brand new perfect
          world in its place! Since the Chaos Heart has been destroyed, I can no longer just destroy the worlds. I'll have to take them by force.
Bowser: You and what army?
Dimentio: Your army, in fact. They came to this world with Kamek, and now I have him on my side.
Bowser: It's still my army, not his! I can just tell them to stop following his orders.
Dimentio: Indeed, that would be troubling. Luckily, I won't have to worry, as Kamek, Wart, and Sly Guy should kill you all here.
Peach: They've been trying to defeat us this whole time. Why would it be any different this time?
Dimentio: Because this time, my lovely princess, they'll have the power of the Origin Star to use. Are you three ready to kill these heroes for good?
Wart: We're ready, Dimentio!
Dimentio: Ah ha ha. Wonderful. Then I shall give you a taste of the Origin Star's power.
*Dimentio raises the Origin Star into the air and starts granting some of its power to Kamek, Wart, and Sly Guy.*
Dimentio: You three have fun. I'll be on the sidelines, watching this battle play out.
*With that, Dimentio appears to vanish. Kamek, Wart, and Sly Guy fight the heroes, but are beaten. Kamek pounds his fist on the ground.*
Kamek: No! Dimentio, I have failed you.
Dimentio: Perhaps, but this was only your first time using the Origin Star's power.
*Dimentio warps back in, bending the dimensions around him*
Dimentio: With enough time and training, you will be able to defeat the heroes. And as for the rest of you, consider your days numbered. Run to whichever
          dimension you want, for I'll soon rule over all of them. Once we defeat you, you will spend eternity in the darkest pits of the Underwhere.
Wario (sarcastically): I can see why they call you the *charming* magician.
Dimentio: Ah ha ha! The insolence I would expect from a fool like you! Kamek, Wart, and Sly Guy, I'll be taking you to our new base of operations. Heroes!
          You win this battle! Congratulations! Enjoy it while you're still alive! *picks up Dark Prognosticus* Ciao!
*Dimentio vanishes along with Kamek, Wart, and Sly Guy*